Kotlin/Wasm going beta doc updates (#5049)
JetBrains/kotlin-web-site: docs/topics/wasm/wasm-js-interop.md

## Exception handling

You can use Kotlin `try-catch` expressions to catch JavaScript exceptions in Kotlin/Wasm code.
The caught exceptions include detailed information:

* When exceptions are thrown from JavaScript: you can see more detailed information on Kotlin's side.
  When such an exception propagates through Kotlin back to JS, it's no longer wrapped into WebAssembly.
* When exceptions are thrown from Kotlin: they can now be caught on JavaScript's side as JS errors.

This exception handling works automatically in modern browsers
that support the [`WebAssembly.JSTag`](https://webassembly.github.io/exception-handling/js-api/#dom-webassembly-jstag)
feature:

* Chrome 115+
* Firefox 129+
* Safari 18.4+

> In older browsers, you have to configure the `JsException`

Reviewer: Maybe it's worth putting the part for the older browsers into a collapsed block?

## Exception handling

You can use Kotlin `try-catch` expressions to catch JavaScript exceptions in Kotlin/Wasm code.
Exception handling works as follows:

* Exceptions thrown from JavaScript: detailed information is available on the Kotlin side.
  If such an exception propagates back to JavaScript, it's no longer wrapped into WebAssembly.

* Exceptions thrown from Kotlin: they can be caught on JavaScript's side as regular JS errors.

> Here's an example demonstrating the exception handling behavior:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Here's an example that demonstrates catching a JavaScript exception on the Kotlin side:
```

}
```

This exception handling works automatically in modern browsers
that support the [`WebAssembly.JSTag`](https://webassembly.github.io/exception-handling/js-api/#dom-webassembly-jstag)
feature:

* Chrome 115+
* Firefox 129+
* Safari 18.4+

### Exception handling in older browsers {initial-collapse-state="collapsed" collapsible="true"}

To use exception handling in older browsers, you have to configure the `JsException`
type to include the original error message and stack trace from JavaScript.
To do so, add the following compiler option to your `build.gradle.kts` file:

> ```kotlin

Reviewer: It will not help old browsers, but it's a way to get more or less the same in old toolchain for modern browsers.
